[error] [doc] Better error message when X11 environment failed to initialize (#1856)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/gui.rst

---------------

.. function:: ti.GUI(title = 'Taichi', res = (512, 512), background_color = 0x000000, show_gui = True)

    :parameter title: (optional, string) the window title
    :parameter res: (optional, scalar or tuple) resolution / size of the window
    :parameter background_color: (optional, RGB hex) background color of the window
    :parameter show_gui: (optional, bool) see the note below
    :return: (GUI) an object represents the window

    Create a window.
    If ``res`` is scalar, then width will be equal to height.

    The following code creates a window of resolution ``640x360``:

    .. code-block:: python

        gui = ti.GUI('Window Title', (640, 360))

    .. note::

>         If you're running Taichi on a machine without GUI environment, consider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you are running Taichi on a machine without a GUI environment, consider
```
